Scrapping tool for Cryptocurrencies


-Installation:
pip install requests
pip install beautifulsoup4

-Usage:
from bs4 import BeautifulSoup
import requests

-Example:
Enter the cryptocurrency: bitcoin
Title: ETH’s Vitalik Buterin Blasts El Salvador’s Bitcoin Law. Is He On To Something?

It seems like Vitalik Buterin was dying to comment on El Salvador’s Bitcoin Law. A pseudonymous user posted this unpopular opinion on Reddit: El Salvador President Mr Nayab Bukele should not be praised by Crypto community.” And Ethereum’s creator himself answered. With venom. For everyone involved. Is Mr. Buterin right in his assertions or is he just jealous? That’s for you to decide. And Bitcoinist is here to give you the facts and the quotes necessary for an informed decision. Related Reading | Why Ethereum’s Creator Vitalik Buterin Believes It Should Expand Beyond DeFi First of all, this is what Vitalik Buterin wrote: “Nothing unpopular about this opinion. Making it mandatory for businesses to accept a specific cryptocurrency is contrary to the ideals of freedom that are supposed to …

Title: Vitalik Buterin: El Salvador's Bitcoin Approach Is 'Contrary to the Ideals' of Crypto

In a surprise Reddit post on Friday, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin had strong words for El Salvador's Bitcoin rollout, and specifically President Nayib Bukele for forcing local businesses to accept the top cryptocurrency. After a Reddit user on the r/cryptocurrency subreddit posted: "Unpopular opinion: El Salvador president Mr Nayab (sic) Bukele should not be praised by crypto community," Buterin replied: "Nothing unpopular about this opinion. Making it mandatory for businesses to accept a specific cryptocurrency is contrary to the ideals of freedom that are supposed to be so important to the crypto space." Buterin's post continued: "This tactic of pushing BTC to millions of people in El Salvador at the same time with almost no attempt at prior education is reckless, and risks a large number of innocent people getting hacked or scammed. Shame on everyone (ok, fine, I'll call out the main people responsible: shame on Bitcoin maximalists) who are uncritically praising him." Indeed, Bukele's embrace of Bitcoin as legal tender, first announced with great fanfare at the Bitcoin Miami conference in June, has earned him raves from some of the loudest voices in Bitcoin. Those same Bitcoin flag-wavers have been less eager to talk about the young president's well-documented authoritarian tendencies and the less savory aspects of his government's Bitcoin rollout. One Salvadoran business owner, requiring anonymity, told Decrypt, "It crushes my soul to see Bitcoin maximalists around the world cheering this when, if they actually sat down and read the law and regulations, it is completely opposite to everything they preach." And Buterin isn't the only voice in crypto speaking out about the contradictions in forcing an open, decentralized technology on business owners.
At the TOKEN2049 conference in London just this week, Blockchain.com co-founder Nicolas Cary said during a panel, "I think there’s some valid criticisms of how the program is rolled out in El Salvador in terms of being top down. One of the main ethos of crypto is that there’s really grassroots adoption, and people are doing it voluntarily." Buterin didn't stop at his first post. Further down in the same thread, when the original poster commented: "It's like [Bukele] pushed it because he bought at cheaper price and knew a country adopting a crypto would alone take the price high enough to make him rich," Buterin replied, "Simpler and dumber hypothesis: both for political reasons and because he's a human being like the rest of us, he just loves being praised by people he considers powerful (ie. Americans). Bitcoin maximalists are a very easy community to get to praise you: you just have to be in a position of power and do or say nice things about them and their coin." The original poster replied to Buterin: "Elon did the same exact thing, now Bukele exploiting emotions of the community."

Title: Michael Dell Calls Blockchain “Underrated” But Has No Opinion on Bitcoin

Michael Saul Dell, an American billionaire businessman, and the founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of Dell Technologies shared his opinion on the buzzing blockchain technology and Bitcoin trends. While answering questions from his interview session with the New York Times, Dell said he thinks that blockchain is probably underrated, a comment that depicts many has not tapped into the full potentials of the new decade-old technology. The framework for blockchain technology predates the 21st Century, the first prominent expression of blockchain was introduced by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008. While Satoshi’s creation, Bitcoin was what made blockchain popular, there has been a wide variety of blockchain systems launched in the past decade. These blockchain systems are heralding a …

Title: Powerbridge Technologies Set To Launch Bitcoin And Ethereum Mining In Hong Kong

Powercrypto Holdings, a subsidiary of the blockchain software provider Powerbridge Technologies, is launching cryptocurrency mining, specifically Bitcoin (BTC)and Ethereum (ETH), in Hong Kong. These cryptocurrency operations will utilize environmental-friendly, green, and sustainable energy. This announcement was made in a press release on Friday, October 8, 2021 Powerbridge Technologies is a growth-driven technology company primarily engaged in SaaS solutions and Blockchain applications. Powerbridge Technologies plans to deploy a total of 2,600 high-performance mining rigs in Hong Kong, including 600 BTC mining machines working at a hash rate of approximately 60 PH/s. It also includes 2,000 ETH mining machines, with a hash rate power of approximately …

Title: Why Bitcoin, Ethereum and Dogecoin Surged This Week

This week brought good news for investors in Cryptoland. Bitcoin went up 15%, Ethereum up 8% and some coins, such as the Dogecoin spinoff Shiba Inu (SHIB) coin, rose by 266%. Bitcoin (BTC) had actually started rising well over a week ago. On September 29, well before the current week started, the coin began its quick crawl upward from lows of $41,211. By Monday, it had reached $47,355, but the coin was only just getting started.

By Wednesday, it had rushed through $50,000 to hit $51,473. Then a lot of leveraged trading brought it to today’s price of $55,167. “There is a lot more leverage in the market than last year. Open Interest (OI) is more than triple,” said Singaporean crypto prop shop QCP Capital in a Telegram group.
At $1 trillion, Bitcoin’s market cap is now larger than the combined market caps of JPMorgan and Bank of America. Itay Tuchman, Citi bank’s global head of foreign exchange said that institutional interest in Bitcoin is growing. “Like anyone who’s in crypto knows, you start with Bitcoin and you’re down the rabbit hole very quickly,” he said this week. The price of Ethereum (ETH) increased from lows of $3,287 on Monday to highs of $3,656 on Friday. Its current price is $3,611 and its market cap is $425 billion. Ethereum’s NFT ecosystem continued to grow. Sales of CrypToadz rose 156%, hitting $56 million in the past week. MekaVerse also blew up. It’s amassed sales of $63 million, making it the 26th largest NFT project of all time. They are both crypto profile picture projects.

Shiba Inu (SHIB) token rose 240% to $0.000026 after Elon Musk, the CEO of SpaceX and Tesla, tweeted a picture of his dog. Musk’s dog, much to the enjoyment of Dogecoin fans and those of derivative projects, is a Shiba Inu. SHIB powers an Ethereum-based decentralized finance protocol, similar to Sushi. Dogecoin itself rose 12%. Floki Frunkpuppy pic.twitter.com/xAr8T0Jfdf — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) October 4, 2021

QCP Capital said: “There are many reasons to be bullish; the stabilization of the Evergrande situation, possible upcoming approvals for BTC ETFs in the US, more traditional finance stalwarts like Soros Fund Management turning crypto-positive.” Yet equally, QCP said that lots of leveraged trading and a bearish options market could hint at bad things to come.
